<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" lang="en">

<h:head>
	<title>Blog</title>
</h:head>

<h:body>
	<ui:composition template="template/template.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="content">
 <h:outputScript library="js" name = "faq.js"/>
			<div class="container">
				<p>Business &amp; eCommerce plans Grow and manage your online
					business with a custom storefront, catalog and order management,
					shipping and taxes, integrated sales channels and more.</p>
				<table class="styled-table">

					<thead>
						<tr>
							<th></th>
							<th>Business VIP <br /> Get the Full Suite <br />Price
								includes VAT<br />
								<button class="btn">Select</button></th>
							<th>Business Unlimited<br /> Grow Your Business<br />Price
								includes VAT<br />
								<button class="btn">Select</button></th>
							<th>Business Basic<br /> Accept Online Payments<br />Price
								includes VAT<br />
								<button class="btn">Select</button></th>
						</tr>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<tr>
							<td>Secure online payments</td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
						</tr>
						<tr>
							<td>Plans &amp; recurring payments</td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Customer accounts</td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Custom domain</td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
						</tr>


						<tr>
							<td>Free domain for 1 year</td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Remove Smariter ads</td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Bandwidth</td>
							<td class="center-row">Unlimited</td>
							<td class="center-row">Unlimited</td>
							<td class="center-row">Unlimited</td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Storage space</td>
							<td class="center-row">50 GB</td>
							<td class="center-row">35 GB</td>
							<td class="center-row">20 GB</td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Video hours</td>
							<td class="center-row">Unlimited</td>
							<td class="center-row">10 hours</td>
							<td class="center-row">5 hours</td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Customer accounts</td>

							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Customized reports</td>

							<td class="center-row"><span>&#10003;</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>--</span></td>
							<td class="center-row"><span>--</span></td>
						</tr>

						<tr>
							<td>Customer care</td>
							<td class="center-row">Priority customer care</td>
							<td class="center-row">24/7 customer care</td>
							<td class="center-row">24/7 customer care</td>
						</tr>


						<!-- and so on... -->
					</tbody>
				</table>
				<p>Displayed prices are for yearly subscriptions, paid in full
					at the time of purchase. Additional subscription periods are
					available. The Ad Vouchers are third party services and products
					and therefore are subject to the Terms of Use of such providers.</p>

				<hr />
				<div class="row-pricing">
					<div class="column-pricing">
						<h2>ACCEPTED PAYMENT METHODS</h2>
						<p>Some text..</p>
					</div>
					<div class="column-pricing">
						<h2>MONEY BACK GUARANTEE</h2>
						<p>14 day money back guarantee on all Premium plans when you
							pay with a credit card.</p>
					</div>
					<div class="column-pricing">
						<h2>SSL SECURE PAYMENT</h2>
						<p>Your information is protected by 256-bit SSL encryption.</p>
					</div>
				</div>

				<div class="row-faq">
					<div class="column-faq-left">
						<h2>Frequently Asked Questions</h2>
						<p>Haven’t found what you’re looking for? Contact Us</p>
					</div>
					<div class="column-faq-right">
						<button type="button" class="collapsible">What is a
							Premium Plan?</button>
						<div class="content-collapse">
							<p>You can create a website for free, and with a Premium plan
								you can connect your own domain, remove Wix ads from your site,
								and more. With most Premium plans, you'll receive a 1 year free
								domain voucher and vouchers for advertising on Google and Bing.
								For best value, we recommend our yearly or multi-year plans.</p>
						</div>
						<button type="button" class="collapsible">Can I try a Wix
							Premium Plan for free?</button>
						<div class="content-collapse">
							<p>Yes. Try any Wix Premium Plan and if you decide it's not
								for you, you can cancel within 14 days and receive a full
								refund—no questions asked. This applies to the initial upgrade
								to a Premium Plan.</p>
						</div>
						<button type="button" class="collapsible">How do I get my
							free domain?</button>
						<div class="content-collapse">
							<p>Most Yearly or Multi-Year Premium Plans come with a 1 year
								free domain voucher. You can choose your own domain name with
								suffixes such as .com, .net, .org and more. Once you find the
								perfect domain for your site, your voucher will be waiting for
								you at checkout.</p>
						</div>
						<button type="button" class="collapsible">Why do I need a
							custom domain?</button>
						<div class="content-collapse">
							<p>A custom domain, like mystunningwebsite.com, is a great
								way to get found online and promote your brand. Replace your
								free Wix URL (username.wixsite.com/sitename) with a custom
								domain you purchased from Wix, or one you already own.</p>
						</div>
						<button type="button" class="collapsible">How can I get
							my own personalized email address?</button>
						<div class="content-collapse">
							<p>Once you have your own domain, you can purchase a Google
								Workspace plan and get a custom email address using your domain,
								like info@mystunningwebsite.com. We've partnered with Google to
								give you 30GB of Drive storage, as well as Google Calendar,
								Docs, Sheets and Slides.</p>
						</div>
						<button type="button" class="collapsible">Which plans
							come with Ad Vouchers?</button>
						<div class="content-collapse">
							<p>Some of our Yearly or Multi-Year Premium Plans come with
								vouchers for promotional ads on Google and Bing to advertise
								your website. Read the legal terms of use for Wix Vouchers and
								Google Ads.</p>
						</div>
						<button type="button" class="collapsible">What online
							payments are accepted?</button>
						<div class="content-collapse">
							<p>Wix accepts all major credit cards and debit cards,
								including Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB and
								Diners. Additional payment options may be available in your
								specific location.</p>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>

			</div>

		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>

</h:body>
</html>